Add infrastructure permissions docs (#153)
gardener/gardener-extension-provider-azure: docs/usage-as-operator.md

# Using the Azure provider extension with Gardener as an operator

The [`core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1.CloudProfile` resource](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/example/30-cloudprofile.yaml) declares a `providerConfig` field that is meant to contain provider-specific configuration.

> Similarly, the [`core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1.Seed` resource](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/example/50-seed.yaml) is structured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1.Seed` resource](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/example/50-seed.yaml) is structured similarly.
```
If the point is that it has a similar structure, I think this is correct. Otherwise, the sentence remarks that is also structured.

      - version: 2135.6.0
        urn: "CoreOS:CoreOS:Stable:2135.6.0"
```

## `Seed` resource

This provider extension does not support any provider configuration for the `Seed`'s `.spec.provider.providerConfig` field.

> However, it supports to manage backup infrastructure, i.e., you can specify a configuration for the `.spec.backup` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it supports managing of backup infrastructure, i.e., you can specify a configuration for the `.spec.backup` field.
```
Not sure about that. We might want to tag @wyb1 :)

Author: ping
